## Issues with Robot Framework
1) It does something you could do with a conventional [Programming Language + Unit Test Framework + BDD Framework (optionally)], but is a weaker version of it with a lot of limitations.
2) In fact it’s meant to be more ‘non-coding-friendly’ but includes many concepts, that are related to programming, and you can’t get rid of them (conditional statements, loops, variables, etc) - so I wouldn’t vote for it as a ‘replacement of coding’ because it’s coding, but using weird syntax and limited tools, having your hands tied behind your back
3) It’s inconvenient - all plugins that declare to support the syntax and make your life easier don’t work properly. There is no dedicated IDE for it, and IDE is the thing that makes your life much easier, giving you the ability to concentrate on what you’re doing, not how you’re doing it.
4) You can’t debug it normally. I mean you can, but by using some weirdest methods from the end of the 20th century. No ‘Go to Declaration’, no ‘Refactoring helpers’, no integrated breakpoints, variable inspection, entity diagrams, snippets, normal code suggestions, ‘evaluate expression during Runtime’. Nothing.
5) It’s slow and doesn’t support parallel tests execution, because it’s an Empire State Building that is built on top of a train, and you just wanted to use a train, but first they put you on the rooftop and you need to pass all the levels until you reach the train, and it can’t ride because there’s an ESB on top of it.
6) It requires test automation competence anyway, hence you need to hire QA Automation people to develop it, and they cost like normal automation people, but you make them use a tool that doesn’t allow them to be efficient
